---
title: "Enterprise-wide KPIs Integration, Metadata Creation, & Performance Monitoring"
date:   2022-06-01
permalink: /KPIs/
tags:
  - Computer Vision
  - Deep Learning
  - Instance Segmentation
  - Satellite Imagery
  - Python
  - Tensorflow
  - Mask R-CNN
---

The goal of this project was to create a unified system for tracking and managing over 1000 KPIs defined to monitor [Joint Commission Internationals's](https://www.jointcommissioninternational.org) Standard compliance across the enterprise, enabling efficient performance monitoring, compliance tracking, and data-driven decision-making. I set out to transform this fragmented landscape into a cohesive and efficient system. The journey began by assigning unique IDs to each KPI, creating a centralized metadata repository that captured essential details like Name, Specialty, Type, and Target. I developed over 1000 transformation packages, ensuring each KPI adhered to a standardized format. Next, I built a robust data model that defined relationships between KPIs and integrated them into a centralized system.
This project eliminated data silos, provided a single source of truth, and revolutionized performance management across the enterprise. Decision-makers gained seamless access to actionable insights, fostering a culture of data-driven decision-making. By streamlining operations and enabling real-time compliance monitoring, this initiative delivered transformative value, setting a new standard for enterprise performance tracking.
\
**This project reflects my ability to turn ambitious goals into impactful solutions, driving organizational efficiency and innovation.**
